# Tetra - Winter 2017
Experimental Rebuild of the tetra app using node to clean up code.
It will use a more modern stack, particularly with Webpack to send just one
bundled JS file to clients, clean up code, and isolate functions to files.

Stack: ReactJS, Express, Node, Three.js, PapaParse, WebPack, Foundation-Sites/SASS

# Running
To run the app, simply clone the repo, navigate to the root folder in the command line and run the following commands:

- npm install : This will install all modules required by the package.json file.
- npm install webpack@1.14.0 -g : This will install the webpack module globally on your computer so that can run 'webpack' anywhere.
- webpack : This generates a new bundle.js file from any modified code
- node server.js : start the express server that will load app.jsx, and consequently the webapp.

After this is done, you can simply navigate to 'localhost:3000' in your browser.

TO-DO List:
* [ ] 1. Replace scaling algorithm (Current breaks axis labels)
* [ ] 2. Axis and Coordinate Labels (In-Progress)
* [ ] 3. Axis labels follow camera angle
* [ ] 4. Graph more than 4 species
* [ ] 5. Toggle Species GUI Abstracted (N-Species - In progress)
* [ ] 6. Slider to filter contigs
* [ ] 7. Improve rendering speed

# Folder Structure
### app
##### components
- Main.jsx : A simple file that combines the root graph component into one loadable source.

- Nav.jsx : Defines all buttons and logic on the top navigation bar

- Tetra.jsx : Provides the container in which the graph will be loaded.

##### logic
- graph.js : All basic graph rendering, camera manipulation and point generation.

- stats.js : A file that provides all statistic mechanisms provided to the graph. Functions to get minima and maxima, to create seperate objects from the main global file object so that they may be toggled visible or not, etc.

##### styles
- app.scss : A scss file to be used with the Foundation-Sites framework that performs some basic styling like trying to get the default file upload button to look like the defaults provided in Foundation.

### data
This folder has all of the data files supplied to me by Dr. Dodsworth to date. For quick testing, I recommend using tetra_short.csv as it is the shortest in terms of data rows.

### public

- bundle.js : This is a bundle of all JS logic. It is generated by simply running webpack in the root directory of the project. It is generated by the logic dictated in the webpack.config file.

- helvetiker_regular.typface.json : This is a JSON typeface file that describes the shapes of the font typeface. This is used to generate all text loaded to the 3D graph.

- index.html : A simple html file that loads in bundle.js

#### textures
This folder contains the grid texture that is mapped to the inside of the cube to form the graph surface itself. Included are also the GIMP files that I used to generate the grid.
